https://bloggignment8-ckey.vercel.app/
I was cheeky and started the assignment on Wednesday. But only the SQL table. I actually managed to keep it simple, and decided to have an image blog where "people" left comments on the images. That day I had been listening to a Studio Ghibli playlist and that's what inspired the animal images; the names of the people used are all Studio Ghibli characters, with a Studio Ghibli background for the page. I combined these to create an "animals I've met on my travels blog".

Now, I don't want you to look at this and think "She's got it!!!", I have not. I'm still putting things in the wrong places and breaking the code itself. HOWEVER, now I go "googleAI I have this error and I've been staring at it for 10 minutes and I don't know what's wrong", and then it says "oh it's because you've nested it incorrectly" and I go "right, thank you". Where as before I would spend hours googling through blogs and websites and youtube videos on 2x speed and getting myself in a tangle. So yay for the assitance in "oh Amanda, you have nested this incorrectly" or "oh Amanda, you are not calling to the correct thing in your database".

Saying this, there were many instances when googleAI was trying to come up with a very convoluted response and I said "what if I just did this" and then it would go "FANTASTIC AMANDA THAT WILL WORK!!!" So, after I had made the blog, I didn't feel like it flowed, it felt pointless having specific post pages when all the comments were on display on the main page; but also, the comment from "Sophie" wasn't on the post page itself, just the ones from her friends. I tried to put the comment from "Sophie" om the comments.jsx page, and it wasn't showing. After a few move arounds, I decided the code was better where it was, and I turned to the AI. This asked me to put "Sophie" in the friendcomment table on SQL. I knew I didn't want to do this because it would look like "Sophie" hadn't said anything, but that she had a friend called Sophie who had. I sat and thought on it, and then asked the AI if I just needed to change one of the words in the async function for animalcomments so that it would show Sophies opinion, and it agreed that that would do it. I can't remember which one, but it was appearing that I was trying to call something from the database that didn't exist. Lots of silly things like that I resolved myself, after seeking help in the first place and knowing it wasn't quite the solution I needed.
Another example of me thinking of the solution instead of relaying solely on AI is that I had an issue with the date order ascending and descending; they just weren't changing. I asked the AI and they were coming up with some wonderful suggestions, but it just didn't sound right. Then, I thought it might be because it was going by the date I asked for the posts to be ordered. The AI confirmed that this would happen, and so I went into the table on Supabase, manually changed the dates, and voilla!

Errors encountered and beaten with the help of GoogleAI:
SSL certificates
IPv6 network blocks
Forcing Vercel to see the new port, and adding a mandatory safety net (force-dynamic)
These errors were wonderful to conquer, HOWEVER, although the site would run on my local host, and I had no error email from the deployment whenever I updated my github, I could not retrieve the website link to put in the assignment box on moodle. This was because the password to my database that I had saved in my database environments on Vercel had a different ending to what I had saved in my db page in my vsCode. Originally, I had to have the ending slightly different in order to bypass the SSL certificate error as well as the error with the IPv6 error, but this caused the error with the link itself. I just had to re-adjust the ending of the password saved to my file as well as the one in Vercel and it worked. VERY frustrating when you think you've already squashed those bugs but it's fixed so nevermind.

All of the posts are displayed on a page, with the option to sort them in ascending or descending order. I decided to give two options; alphabetically and date added.
I created a posts table and a comments table and they had foreign keys, and I united them using a "one to many", but sadly there is no chicken foot just an ordinary line :(

I have created a delete button on comments so that comments can be deleted, but I didn't want to delete the posts. It's not their travel blog afterall, it's Sophie's. Of course, this does mean that anyone can delete anyones comments... Imagine how peaceful social media would be...

Users can comment on individual posts in their dynamic routes.

There is also a redirect when a user has created a post, and a redirect when users have commented on the posts. This was another reason why I felt a home page with the comments on the individual posts page flowed more seamlessly. You don't want to comment on something and be taken back to the homepage, and there's no point in a posts page if you can see all the comments to all the posts on a homepage.

It is the most beautiful piece of work I have handed in to this course - even more beautiful than my critically acclaimed powerpoint presentations.
